---
title: The God is a Horseman Blog #2
layout: post
---

The God is a Horseman Blog #2
=============================

(picture:  empty pasture?  Jordache's grave site, with cross?  Graveyard?)

Jordache is Gone
----------------

Last week, my horse died.

The first horse I ever owned.  The first horse I taught to lead.  The first horse I broke to ride.  The list of firsts is too long to put on this blog.  To sum up, he was my first.  In some ways, though I have and will love many other horses, he was my only.  

This horse commanded two chapters-worth of attention in "God is a Horseman," plus an article on this site.  The center of my equine world, as long as he lived.  Long before he began to decline, I found myself wondering if I would even be interested in horses anymore when he was gone.  Silly me--horses are in my blood.  Whether or not they are golden chestnut, or have a broad, fuzzy-edged white star on their foreheads, or even whether they nicker, deap-throated and demanding, whenever I'm a little late to feed.

Every time I think that I will never see this horse alive again, my heart breaks in pieces.  Perhaps God will resurrect him for me when I join him in His forever--I don't know enough about what God has in store to say.  But would Jordache even want to have a master, in his heaven?

Do I want a Master, in mine?

That much I know the answer to.  Yes.  I want my Master there.  Even if there is more work to do.  Even if the burdens he puts on my back are heavier than those I bear now on Earth.  Even if the hours are longer, even if it never ends.  Why?  Not for hope of riches, pleasure, or ease--no, not at all.  My Master's presence is, to me, the sweetest thing I know.  To be closer to him would be more reward, and more fuel for service, than I will know in this life.

I can only hope that, could I have asked him, Jordache would have said the same of me.
